1
The tissue in his injured leg was slowly healing over time.
The doctor examined the tissue under a microscope to look for abnormalities.
She donated tissue for research purposes to help find a cure for the disease.
The plant's tissue was affected by the harsh weather conditions and began to wilt.
The surgeon used extreme precision to remove the infected tissue from the patient. 
While it had been many years, there were still remnants of scar tissue where shrapnel wounded the veteran. 
It was getting difficult for Ben to walk, the tissues in his leg had become inflamed from the grueling hike. 
The small, fragile tissue of cells had been painstakingly cultured and grown in the laboratory for weeks, with the hope of one day restoring the damaged tissues of a patient's heart.
The tear in his skin exposed the raw tissue underneath.
The human body has various types of tissues, including epithelial, muscular, and nervous tissue, which perform different functions.
In plants, the tissue responsible for transporting water and nutrients is called vascular tissue.
When a tissue is damaged, the body's natural healing process involves the growth and repair of new tissue to replace the damaged tissue.
Cancer is a disease characterized by the abnormal growth and division of cells within a tissue, which can lead to the formation of tumors.
The active contraction of muscle tissue has no counterpart in the plant.
In the polyp the nervous tissue is always in the form of a scattered plexus, never concentrated to form a definite nervous system as in the medusa.
Its claws rent and tore through the deer's muscle tissue like a hot knife through butter.
The tissue that makes up the ear is soft and delicate.
Muscle tissue is composed of specialized cells that contract to produce movement.
The lining of the stomach is made up of epithelial tissue, which helps to absorb nutrients.
Plants can have different types of tissues that transport water and nutrients.
The nervous tissue in the brain is responsible for transmitting electrical signals and controlling bodily functions.
As the weeks passed, he put on weight, removed the fatty tissue from his cheekbones, thickened his cheeks enough to remove the gauntness, and restored his complexion to a healthier hue.
Then the terrifying drrrnngg of the pain-making aura that seared every nerve ending without numbing or damaging tissue.
Tooth enamel was long thought to be dead tissue, for instance.
And then the news was broken to everyone about the culturing of the scar tissue, and there were a few dissenters but they were soon conditioned out of their dissension and the population was stabilized.
See that your damaged tissues are repaired as fully as possible.

But she had flicked scar tissue and I answered almost sharply, "I am not employee of Warden."
Sidis grin was sagging, hooked up on the bad side by twisted scar tissue.
It puffed around his face, stinging the skin tissues there, a pink mist that went into his lungs.
Alfieri's heart pumped Alfieri's blood through the new tissue.
You pump air into the wing, and the tissue -- skin, cells, stiffeners and all -- absorbs it and stores it as semistable compounds.

But the optic nerve is brain tissue, not ordinary nerve tissue.
I wouldn't be surprised if you could rupture lung tissues that way.
They don't expend themselves futilely trying to get rid of what they consider invading tissue.
Organs and tissues for later transplants can be more readily preserved.
After that, the tissues of the lungs are exposed to emptiness and begin to release their liquids through surface boiling, with fatal and agonizing results.

I strained with every bit of muscle tissue to no useful end.
I could almost feel cartilage tear and muscle tissues pop.
His vision was blurring, shot through with red; his lungs ached, his tissues screamed their torture.
"Do you choose to experience the destruction of your body's tissues?"
Ms. Armul says there is also some evidence that a ketogenic diet breaks down muscle tissue for energy.

But despite the advances of medicine through the centuries there still wasn't any way for our techs to get blood or several other kinds of tissue samples out of a humanoid body without poking it with a syringe or punch.
In experiments they have used a plug of tissues consisting mainly of blood vessels.
We cannot establish the significance of the multiple substances  that were detected in Ms. Fisher's blood and tissue with regard to the cause of death.
Meningitis is the inflammation of tissue surrounding the brain and spinal cord, which can be caused by viral or bacterial infections.
“For most dinosaurs that I looked at, there would have been a substantial amount of physiologically active soft tissues in their noses,” said Bourke.
The human body is made up of many different tissues, each with its own unique function.
The plant's tissue was analyzed under a microscope to determine the cause of its disease.
The doctor examined the tissue sample to diagnose the patient's illness.
The scientist studied the tissue culture to better understand cell growth and development.
The skin tissue is the body's largest organ, protecting it from outside elements and infections.
The muscle tissue allows the body to move and perform physical activities.
The nervous tissue transmits signals between the brain and other parts of the body.
The blood vessels are made up of connective tissue and play a vital role in the circulatory system.
The cartilage tissue provides cushioning and support for the body's joints and bones.
The bone tissue is constantly being renewed and repaired, helping to maintain the body's structure.
The glandular tissue produces hormones and other substances that regulate bodily functions.
The adipose tissue stores energy in the form of fat, providing insulation and protection for the body's organs.
The connective tissue binds and supports other tissues and organs in the body.
The epithelial tissue lines the body's surfaces and helps to protect against infections and other harmful agents.
The cardiac tissue is responsible for the contractions of the heart, which pump blood throughout the body.
The lymphatic tissue helps to fight infections and disease, by filtering and removing harmful substances from the body.
The mucous tissue lines the respiratory and digestive tracts, protecting them from irritants and foreign substances.
The retinal tissue is responsible for transmitting visual information to the brain, allowing us to see and perceive the world around us.
The joint tissue allows for movement and flexibility, but can become damaged or inflamed due to injury or disease.
The fibrous tissue provides strength and support to the body's structures, such as tendons and ligaments.


2
She dabbed her eyes with a tissue to wipe away the tears.
The delicate gift was wrapped in tissue paper to protect it during shipping.
He blew his nose loudly into the tissue, feeling relieved afterwards.
The decorative tissue paper added a nice touch to the gift wrapping.
The surgery was unfortunately a failure, so the doctors had tissues ready for the patient’s family as they were told the bad news. 
As her story concluded, I reached for the tissues for tears that would inevitably come. 
The hurricane had enough force to tear metal roofs off and blow them around like tissues. 
Her skin was as thin as tissue paper, allowing you to see all the veins underneath.
He crumpled up the tissue and tossed it into the waste bin.
The doctor handed her a tissue to dab the blood from the small cut on her finger.
I used a tissue to wipe away the tears from my eyes.
The ballet dancer delicately wiped the sweat from her face with a tissue during the performance.
A small packet wrapped in tissue fell onto her lap.
He grabbed the tissue paper and arranged it in the top of the bag, fully covering the present inside.
The wings of the butterfly were as thin as tissue paper.
After running out of tissue, they had to use paper towels instead.
I always carry a pack of tissues in my bag in case I get a runny nose.
Can you pass me a tissue? I spilled some coffee on my desk.
She used a tissue to wipe away her tears after watching a sad movie.
The tissues in the bathroom were running low, so I refilled the dispenser.
He dabbed at his forehead with a large floral-patterned tissue.
Durlston took a tissue and flicked the seat, then he sat down with his jacket on, looking cool and calm and impeccable.
Both had been torn loose from their mountings and wadded into the nose like so much tissue paper, crushing the instrument panel.
Magnan trailed, mopping at his face with a scented tissue.
Turning her back on Adam, she lifted the lid of the top box, pulled aside the tissue paper and carefully drew out a garland of stephanotis.

Chuck turned his large frame and caromed a box of tissues off Steve's left shoulder.
He took a clean issue tissue tunic from the wall dispenser.
Inside each was a multitude of tiny compartments, each with a bit of something wrapped in cloth or paper tissue.
I did not want to shoot Mr. Castile at all,  Yanez said as he took off his glasses and wiped away tears with a tissue.
He'd run out of tissues, and his nose was a continual drip, while breathing seemed almost impossible.

He wiped his nose and reached for a fresh tissue.
He wiped his brow with a paper tissue.
Finished, he climbed over the rail and joined Wenzl, mopping his brow with a tissue.
He sneezed as the dry air caught the tissue pf his nostrils.
She quickly stuffed the tissue in the disposal and sat up, touching her blond hair lightly with her hands.

She didn't want a tissue or a cup of water from the cooler or anything at all.
Winston followed her around the room, collecting the small frail objects (Christmas, birthday, and anniversary) and wrapping them in tissue paper.
Winston folded the tissue paper carefully.
Ben winced as she unwrapped the bloody tissue and wiped the slash with anesthetic, then turned his attention to the pen and paper the Deskman was offering, and almost laughed.
Tissue paper production and consumption is predicted to continue to grow because of factors like urbanization, increasing disposable incomes and consumer spending.

Japanese tissue may be made from one of three plants, the kōzo plant (Broussonetia papyrifera, paper mulberry tree), the mitsumata (Edgeworthia chrysantha) shrub and the gampi tree (Diplomorpha sikokiana).
The tissue paper might be treated with softeners, lotions or added perfume to get the right properties or "feeling".
Orchids Paper Products Company is a manufacturer of tissue products serving the at-home tissue market. 
For example, common mistakes include putting tissue boxes in the recycling bin without first removing the plastic insert, 
The underlying demand for dissolving pulp, packaging, office paper and tissue, in South Africa, and speciality papers abroad, remains strong, driven by global sustainability trends
She used tissue paper to wrap the fragile porcelain figurine.
He wiped his nose with a tissue after sneezing.
The delicate wedding dress was wrapped in layers of tissue paper to protect it during shipping.
The gift box was lined with tissue paper in a bright pink color.
The children made tissue paper flowers in art class.
She dabbed at her tears with a tissue during the emotional movie scene.
The party favors were wrapped in tissue paper with a ribbon tied around them.
The tissue paper rustled as she removed the gift from the box.
He crumpled up the used tissue and threw it in the trash can.
The wrapping paper was too thin, so she added a layer of tissue paper for extra cushioning.
The delicate lace veil was carefully packed in tissue paper for preservation.
She wrapped the delicate crystal stemware in tissue paper to prevent it from breaking.
The tissue paper was decorated with colorful polka dots.
She used a tissue to blot the excess oil from the fried food.
The floral centerpiece was surrounded by layers of tissue paper in a coordinating color.
The artist used tissue paper to create texture and dimension in her mixed media piece.
The gift basket was filled with items nestled in colorful tissue paper.
The tissue paper was crinkled and soft to the touch.
She gently lifted the fragile butterfly specimen from the box, carefully wrapped in tissue paper.
The tissue paper fluttered in the breeze as the gift was unwrapped.